


SHAREHOLDERS AND SHARE SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT

THIS Agreement is made on this ________ the __ Day of ________, 2021, at Pune, Maharashtra,

BETWEEN

x, a company incorporated under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, with CIN U51909PN2021PTC197545, having its registered office at Plot No. 67, Vipul, Shailesh Society, Karve Nagar, Pune- 411052, Maharashtra, India (hereinafter referred to as the “Company”, which expression shall, unless it be contrary to the context and meaning thereof, be deemed to mean and include its successors in interest and permitted assigns);

AND

Mr. Mihir Vaidya, son of Mr. Sanjay Vaidya, an adult, permanently residing at 67, Vipul Shailesh Society, Karve Nagar, Pune-411052 (hereinafter referred to as “Founder/Promoter 1”, which expression shall, unless repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to mean and include his legal heirs, executors, successors, and assigns);

AND

Mr. Suraj Chaudhari, son of Mr. Arun Chaudhari, an adult, permanently residing at D-602, Teerth Towers, Sus Baner Road, Baner, Pune-411046 (hereinafter referred to as “Founder/Promoter 2”, which expression shall, unless repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to mean and include her legal heirs, executors, successors, and assigns);

AND

Mr. Harish Amritkar, son of Mr. Vijay Amritkar, an adult, permanently residing at B-501, Yashwin Jeevan, Near Teerth Towers, Baner Sus, Near Vibgyor School, Pune-411021, Maharashtra- lndia (hereinafter referred to as “Harish” which expression shall, unless repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to mean and include her legal heirs, executors, successors, and assigns);

AND

Mr. Vijay Pusalkar, son of Mr. ______Pusalkar , an adult, permanently residing at _____________, (hereinafter referred to as “Vijay”, which expression shall, unless repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to mean and include his legal heirs, executors, successors, and assigns).

AND

Mr. Niranjan Prasad, son of Mr. M Chandrashekhar , an adult, permanently residing at L – 60/611 Yogi Prestige, Yogi Nagar, Borivali West, Mumbai - 400091, (hereinafter referred to as “Niranjan”, which expression shall, unless repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to mean and include his legal heirs, executors, successors, and assigns).

AND

Mangaldas Venichand Investment LLP, an LLP, with registered address at _____________, (hereinafter referred to as “Mangaldas”, which expression shall, unless repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to mean and include its  legal heirs, executors, successors, and assigns).

AND

Mr. Narendra Firodia, son of Mr. ______Firodia , an adult, permanently residing at _____________, (hereinafter referred to as “Narendra”, which expression shall, unless repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to mean and include his legal heirs, executors, successors, and assigns).

AND

Mr. Tushar Lunkad, son of Mr. ______Lunkad , an adult, permanently residing at _____________, (hereinafter referred to as “Tushar”, which expression shall, unless repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to mean and include his legal heirs, executors, successors, and assigns).

Mihir and Suraj, are hereinafter individually referred to as Promoter/Founder 1, and Promoter/Founder 2 respectively and collectively referred to as the “Promoters”, wherever the context so permits.

Vijay, Niranjan, Mangaldas, Narendra and Tushar are hereinafter individually referred to as “Investor” and collectively referred to as the “Investors”, wherever the context so permits. Harish is hereinafter referred to as Other Shareholder(s). Harish is further hereinafter referred to as the “Key Employee of the Company”.

The Company, Promoters/Founders, Other Shareholders and Investors are hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Parties” and individually as a “Party”, wherever the context so permits.

WHEREAS

    a. The Promoters have promoted the Company, which is engaged in the business of import, export, selling, dealing, assembling, packing, distributing, reselling and trading of all kinds of goods finished, semi-finished, all types of personal care products, oral care products, other wellness products and any other item capable of purchasing, selling, importing, exporting and trading and to be appointed agents and/or distributors on commission, allowance, retainership and carry out online business in the field of e-commerce, e-business and e-marketing is presently conducted through the Company in India and elsewhere (herein after referred to as ‘the business of the Company’).Currently the company is engaged in E-commerce and retail business under the Brand Name Zlade, Zlade Ballistic & Summer by Zlade. The company may in the future introduce more brands under the consumer goods segment. 

    b. The Promoters are in full control of the day-to-day management and affairs of the Company. The authorized share capital of the Company as on Execution Date is INR 10,00,000 (Rupees Ten Lacs Only) divided into 97,500 (Ninety-Seven Thousand Five Hundred) Equity Shares of Class A having a face value of INR 10 (Rupees ten) each and 2,500 (Two thousand Five hundred) Equity Shares of Class B having a face value of INR 10 (Rupees ten) each. The issued, subscribed and paid-up equity share capital of the Company as on Execution Date is INR 6,53,100/- (Rupees Six Lacs Fifty-three thousand and hundred Only) divided into 62,810 (Sixty two thousand Eight hundred and ten) Class A Equity Shares of INR 10/- (Rupees ten) each and 2,500 (Two thousand Five hundred) Class B Equity Shares of INR 10/- (Rupees ten) each. 

    c. The Promoters and the Company are now desirous of raising funds for the purpose of its Business (as defined hereinabove), and thus the Company and Promotors have requested the Investors, and the Investors desire (based on the Warranties, undertakings and covenants given by the Promoters and the Company, jointly and severally hereunder) to invest an aggregate amount of INR 6,98,90,200/- (Rupees Six Crore Ninety eight lacs Ninety thousand and two hundred Only) in one or more tranches for a cumulative of 34.69% of the shareholding in the company at agreed value of per equity share of the Company. The terms and conditions related to investment by each Investor have been agreed at different periods of time and therefore the Parties have executed separate Term sheets which summaries the principal terms and conditions of their investment. 

    d. The Promoters and the Company undertake to facilitate the investment by the Investors in the Subscription Shares as per the terms of this Agreement, and the Company desires to issue and allot the Subscription Shares to the Investor, in accordance with the terms and conditions stipulated in this Agreement

    e. This Agreement records the inter se rights and obligations of the Promoters and Investor as Shareholders (defined below) of the Company, and the management of the Company, exit rights of the Investor and certain other matters as set forth herein below; and

    f. In consideration of the mutual promises and agreements between the Parties hereto, the Parties have agreed to enter into this Agreement to regulate the terms and conditions of their subscription to the equity share capital.



NOW THEREFORE IT IS HEREBY AGREED BY AND BETWEEN THE PARTIES AS UNDER:

1.         DEFINITIONS:

In this Agreement, the following terms, to the extent not inconsistent with the context thereof, shall have the meanings assigned to them herein below:

        1.1 Definitions

In this Agreement, the following terms, to the extent not inconsistent with the context thereof, shall have the meanings assigned to them herein below:

            1.1.1. “Act” shall mean the (Indian) Companies Act, 2013 and Rules made there under and any amendment thereto.


            1.1.2. “Affiliate” in relation to a Party,

(a)	being a corporate entity, shall mean any entity or Person, which controls, or is controlled by, or is under the common control as such Person; 

(b)	being an individual shall mean any Relative or any other entity or Person which is controlled by such individual;

            1.1.3. “Reserved Matters” shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Clause [ ].;

            1.1.4. The term “control” (including the terms “controlled by” and “under common control with”), with respect to the relationship between or among two or more Persons, shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the affairs or management of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting shares, by contract including the beneficial ownership,  directly or indirectly, more than 50% of the voting shares or shares of such Person or having the power to elect a majority of the board of directors or similar body governing the affairs of such Person, or having the power to veto decisions of the controlled person, whether through ownership of voting shares, by contract, or otherwise.

            1.1.5. “Agreement” shall mean this Shareholders’ and Share Subscription Agreement and shall include any recitals, sections, clauses, schedules, annexure or exhibits that may be annexed to this Agreement and any amendments made to this Agreement by the Parties in writing from time to time, the employment agreements entered between the Company and each of the Founders/Promoters and any other contract/document required to be executed and/or delivered pursuant to this Agreement and in respect of the transactions contemplated in this Agreement.

            1.1.6. “Agreement Date” means the date of execution of this Agreement. 

            1.1.7. “Articles” shall mean the articles of association of the Company, as amended from time to time. 

            1.1.8. “Board” shall mean the board of directors of the Company.

            1.1.9. “Board Meeting” shall mean a meeting of the Board duly convened in accordance with the Act, the Charter Documents, and this Agreement;

            1.1.10. “Business” shall mean the business of the Company as currently being carried out by the Company and as described below; 

“The business of import, export, selling, dealing, assembling, packing, distributing, reselling and trading of all kinds of goods finished, semi-finished, all types of personal care products, oral care products, other wellness products and any other item capable of purchasing, selling, importing, exporting and trading and to be appointed agents and/or distributors on commission, allowance, retainership and carry out online business in the field of e-commerce, e-business and e-marketing is presently conducted through the Company in India and elsewhere (herein after referred to as ‘the business of the Company’).Currently the company is engaged in E-commerce and retail business under the Brand Name Zlade, Zlade Ballistic & Summer by Zlade. The company may in the future introduce more brands under the consumer goods segment.”

            1.1.11. “Business Day” shall mean a day of the week excluding Saturday or Sunday on which commercial banks are open for business in Mumbai and Pune.

            1.1.12. “Business Plan” shall mean, in relation to any Financial Year, the annual business plan of the Company approved by the Board of Directors provided that the consent of the Investor Director is obtained; 

            1.1.13. “Claims” shall mean any suits, investigations, demand, action, cause of action, damages, losses, costs, liability, proceedings, judgments, settlements, expenses, including reasonable attorney fees.

            1.1.14. “Charter Documents” shall mean collectively the Memorandum and Articles of the Company;

            1.1.15. “Closing” shall mean the issuance and allotment of Investor Equity Shares to the Investor in accordance with the provisions of Clause [3] (Closing). 

            1.1.16. “Closing Date” shall mean the meaning ascribed to it in Clause [3].

            1.1.17. “Confidential Information” shall mean any information, including but not limited to any information concerning the affairs, business, accounts, finance, technology or Intellectual Property Rights of the Company or Founder and/ or their Affiliates, in each case whether provided in a documentary or electronic form or other physical form by the Company or Founder and/ or their Affiliates.

            1.1.18. “Control” shall mean the power to direct the management or policies of any Person, whether through the ownership of over 50% (Fifty percent) of the voting power of such Person or through the power to appoint more than half of the board of directors or similar governing body of such entity or through contractual arrangements or otherwise, and “Controls” shall be construed accordingly;

            1.1.19. “Connected Person” shall mean, in relation to the Company, one or more of the following: 


	(i)	Directors;
		(ii)	Affiliate of the Company or its Subsidiaries, as the case may be;  
(iii)	Founders/Promoters or their Affiliate;
(iv)	Persons having Control or significant influence over the Company or the Founders/Promoters or the Subsidiaries, as the case may be, as defined in Accounting Standard 18 issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India; 
(v)	any related party to the Company or the Founders/Promoters or the Subsidiaries, as the case may be, as contemplated in sections 188 of the Act; and
(vi)	any Key Employees.

            1.1.20. Deed of Adherence” shall mean the deed of adherence required to be executed by any purchaser or subscriber of any Shares, in such format as may be agreed with Investors’ written consent, in conformity with the substantial provisions of this Agreement.

            1.1.21. “Director” shall mean a person duly appointed as director on the Board.

            1.1.22. “Dispute” shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section [●].


            1.1.23. “Execution Date” shall mean the date of execution of this Agreement.

            1.1.24. “Employees” shall mean individuals who are the confirmed/permanent employees of the Company.

            1.1.25. “Encumbrance” shall mean any mortgage, pledge, equitable interest, assignment by way of security, hypothecation, right of other Persons, claim, security interest, title defect, title retention agreement, voting trust agreement, interest, option, lien, charge, commitment, restriction or limitation of any nature whatsoever, including restriction on use, voting rights, transfer, receipt of income or exercise of any other attribute of ownership, right of set-off, any arrangement (for the purpose of, or which has the effect of, granting security), or any other security interest of any kind whatsoever, or any agreement, whether conditional or otherwise, to create any of the same and the term “Encumber” shall be construed accordingly.

            1.1.26. “Equity Shares” shall mean the equity shares of the Company issued and outstanding from time to time, presently having a face value of Rs. 10 (Rupees ten) per share with varied rights. 

            1.1.27. “ESOP” shall mean the employee stock option plan of the Company.

            1.1.28. “ESOP Pool” shall mean a pool of Equity Shares of the Company that may be created after the Closing Date and allocated to implement the ESOP, comprising of such Equity Shares as agreed by the Board from time to time. The constitution, administration and management of the ESOP Pool shall be determined and conducted exclusively by the Board or any duly constituted committee of the Board.

            1.1.29. “Financial Statements” shall mean the financial statements comprising of balance sheet and cash flow statements for the relevant financial year end and the related statement of income for the relevant financial year end, prepared in accordance with Indian GAAP and applicable Laws.

            1.1.30. “Founders” shall collectively refer to Mr. Mihir Vaidya, Mr. Suraj Chaudhari..

            1.1.31. “Founders Shares” means the Shares held by the Founders and their Affiliates, if any, collectively from time to time and include the Equity Shares held by the Founders as on the date of execution of this Agreement.

            1.1.32. “Governmental Approval” means any authorization, approval, consent, license or permit required from any Governmental Authority. 

            1.1.33. “Governmental Authority” shall mean any international, national, federal governmental authority, city, provisional or statutory authority, regulatory authority, government department, agency, commission, board, rule or regulation making entity/ authority having or purporting to have jurisdiction over any Party, including the Shares and Exchange Board of India and the Reserve Bank of India, or other subdivision thereof or any municipality, district or other subdivision thereof to the extent that the rules, regulations, standards, requirements, procedures or orders of such authority, body or organization have the force of Law or any court or tribunal or arbitrator having jurisdiction.

            1.1.34. “Government Official” shall mean: (i) executive, official, employee or agent of a Governmental Authority or any other governmental department, agency or instrumentality; (ii) director, officer, employee or agent of a wholly or partially government-owned or controlled company or business; (iii) political party or official thereof, or candidate for political office; or (iv) executive, official, employee or agent of a public international organization.

            1.1.35. “Investor Equity Shares” means equity shares subscribed by the Investors;

            1.1.36. “Intellectual Property Rights” shall mean all rights in and in relation to all intellectual property rights subsisting in the Proprietary Assets.

            1.1.37. “Indebtedness” shall mean, in respect of any Person, any obligation (whether present or future, actual or contingent, secured or unsecured, and whether as principal or surety) for the payment, or repayment, of money (whether in respect of interest, principal or otherwise) incurred in respect of monies borrowed or raised; any bond, note, loan stock or similar instrument; any acceptance credit, bill discounting, note to purchase, factoring or documentary credit; any finance lease, bond, guarantee, letter of credit or other instrument issued in connection with the performance of any contract; any interest rate or currency swap agreement or any other hedging or derivative instrument or agreement; any indemnity or insurance against financial loss in respect of the obligation of any other Person falling within any of the foregoing.

            1.1.38. “Law” shall include all applicable laws, by-laws, rules, regulations, orders, ordinances, protocols, codes, guidelines, policies, notices, directions, judgments, decrees or other requirements or official directive of any Governmental Authority or Person acting under the authority of any Governmental Authority or of any statutory authority, whether in effect on the Agreement Date or thereafter.

            1.1.39. Legal Heir/s shall mean spouse, children, or any other person as mentioned in any document such as will.

            1.1.40. “Liquidation Event” shall (except for the issue of Shares under an IPO) be deemed to include the following:

(a) 	commencement of any proceedings for the voluntary winding up of the Company in accordance with the applicable Law or the passing of an order of any court appointing a provisional liquidator or administrator in any other proceeding seeking the winding up of the Company; or 

(b) 	the consummation of a consolidation, merger, reorganization, or other similar transaction (whether in one or a series of transactions) of the Company resulting in the shareholders of the Company, as the case may be, collectively, retaining less than 50% of the voting power of the Company or the Subsidiary, as the case may be, or the surviving entity immediately following such transaction, after giving effect to any conversion, exercise or exchange of any shares convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, such voting shares, or 

(c) 	sale or transfer of more than 50% (fifty percent) of the then outstanding Shares by the shareholders of the Company, such that the shareholders of the Company prior to any such transaction (which shall include the Investor), retain after such transaction less than 50% of the voting power of the Company, as the case may be; or 

(d)	sale of substantially all of the assets of the Company, as the case may be.

            1.1.41 “Liquidation Preference” shall mean the right given to the Investor to receive  return of their investment as provided in this Agreement in preference to the other Shareholders, in the event of a Liquidation Event.

            1.1.42 Losses” means any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages (whether or not resulting from any Third-Party Claims), injuries, Tax, penalties, claims, demands, actions, judgments, suits, costs, charges, expenses or disbursements including all reasonable documented fees and disbursements of any external counsel or accountants.

            1.1.43 “Memorandum” shall mean the memorandum of association of the Company, as amended from time to time.

            1.1.44 “New Issue” shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section [●];

            1.1.45 “Party” or “Parties” shall mean the Persons signing this Agreement, individually or collectively, as the context so requires. 

            1.1.46 “Person” shall mean and include an individual, an association, a corporation, a partnership (limited or unlimited), a hindu undivided family, a joint venture, a venture capital fund, a trust, an unincorporated / unregistered organization, a joint stock company or limited or unlimited liability company or other entity or organization, including a government or political subdivision, or an agency or instrumentality thereof. 

            1.1.47 “Proprietary Assets” shall mean all products and services developed, being developed and/or proposed to be developed by the Company including all patents, patent applications, moral rights, trademarks, trade names, service marks, service names, brand names, internet domain names and sub-domains, inventions, processes, formulae, copyrights, business and product names, logos, slogans, trade secrets, industrial models, processes, designs, database rights, methodologies, software, computer programs (including all source codes), technical information, manufacturing, engineering and technical drawings, know-how, all pending applications for and registrations of patents, entity models, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, designs and internet domain names and sub-domains and all other intellectual property or similar proprietary rights of whatever nature (whether registered or not and including applications to register or rights to apply for registration) in each case anywhere in the world.

            1.1.48 “Purchaser” shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section [●];

            1.1.49 “Refused Shares” shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section [●];

            1.1.50 “Relative” shall mean parents, spouse, brothers, sisters and children of that individual;

            1.1.51 “Representatives” means, as to any Person, its officers, directors, employees, accountants, counsel, consultants (including industry consultants), agents (acting in such capacity) and other advisors and representatives.

            1.1.52 “Re.”, “Rs.”, “Rupee” or “Rupees” or “INR” means the lawful currency of the Republic of India.

            1.1.53 “RoC” shall mean the relevant Registrar of Companies. 

            1.1.54 “ROFR” shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Clause  [●];

            1.1.55 Tag Along Right shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Clause [●]

            1.1.56 Drag Along Right shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Clause [●]

            1.1.57 “Shares” shall mean and include Equity Shares, Preference Shares and any other security issued or that may be issued by the Company from time to time.

            1.1.58 “Selling Shareholder” shall have the meaning ascribed to it Section [●];

            1.1.59 “Equity Shares” shall include the Equity Shares allotted to the Investor;

            1.1.60 “Shareholder” shall mean a Person who holds legally or beneficially any Shares of the Company.

            1.1.61 “Tax” shall mean all applicable forms of taxation, duties and levies, any income, franchise, capital stock, profits, windfall profits, gross receipts, sales, use, value added, transfer, registration, stamp, premium, excise, customs duties, Goods and Service Tax (GST), severance, environmental, real property, personal property, ad valorem, occupancy, license, occupation, employment, provident fund and employee state insurance, gratuity contributions, payroll, social security, disability, unemployment, workers' compensation, withholding, estimated or other similar tax, other municipal taxes and duties, levy, duty, fee, assessment or other governmental charge or deficiencies thereof (including all interest and penalties thereon and additions thereto).

            1.1.62 “Third Party” shall mean any Person other than the Parties to this Agreement.

            1.1.63 “Transaction” shall mean the subscription by the Investor, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

            1.1.64 “Transaction Documents” shall mean this Agreement, the Amended Restated Charter Documents, the Deed of Adherence and any other agreements or documents designated as such by the Parties and all documents and agreements entered into any executed by any Party pursuant thereto. 

        1.2 Interpretation

Except where the context requires otherwise, this Agreement will be interpreted as follows:

1.2.1	Clause headings and Schedule headings are for convenience only and do not affect the construction or interpretation of any provision of this Agreement.

            1.1.2 In addition to the above terms, certain terms may be defined in the Recitals or elsewhere in this Agreement and wherever such terms are used in this Agreement, they shall have the meaning so assigned to them.

            1.1.3 The terms referred to but not defined in this Agreement shall, unless defined otherwise or unless inconsistent with the context or meaning thereof, shall have the same meaning as defined under the Act.

            1.1.4 Any reference to any statute or statutory provision shall include:

    (a) all subordinate legislation made from time to time under that provision (whether or not amended, modified, re-enacted or consolidated); and

    (b) such provision as from time to time amended, modified, re-enacted or consolidated (whether before or after the date of this Agreement) to the extent such amendment, modification, re-enactment or consolidation applies or is capable of applying to any transactions entered into under this Agreement prior to the Closing Date and (to the extent liability thereunder may exist or can arise) shall include any past statutory provision (as from time to time amended, modified, re-enacted or consolidated) which the provision referred to has directly or indirectly replaced.

            1.1.5 Words denoting singular shall include the plural and vice versa and words denoting any gender shall include all genders unless the context otherwise requires.

            1.1.6 References to Recitals, Sections or Schedules are, unless the context otherwise requires, references to Recitals, Sections or Schedules to this Agreement.

            1.1.7 Any reference to “writing” includes printing, typing, lithography and other means of reproducing words in permanent visible form.

            1.1.8 The terms “include” and “including” shall mean, “include without limitation”.

            1.1.9 The headings, sub-headings, titles, subtitles to Sections, sub-Sections and paragraphs are for information only, shall not form part of the operative provisions of this Agreement or the Schedules, and shall be ignored in construing the same.

            1.1.10 Any reference in this Agreement to par or face value in relation to any Security shall mean the value expressed on the face of the share certificate representing the Security, at the relevant point of time, irrespective of the actual price paid for that Security by the holder thereof.

            1.1.11 All references to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document shall be deemed to include any amendments or modifications to this Agreement or the relevant Transaction Document, as the case may be, from time to time.

            1.1.12 The term “directly or indirectly” in relation to a Party means and includes any direct or indirect action/s on the part of or by or on behalf of the Party in question either by himself or herself or in conjunction with or on behalf of any Person including through an Affiliate whether as an employee, consultant, proprietor, partner, director, contractor or otherwise, whether for profit or otherwise.

            1.1.13 Unless otherwise specified, any reference to a time of day is to India time. 

            1.1.14 Reference to books, files, records or other information or any of them means books, files, records or other information or any of them in any form or in whatever medium held including paper, electronically stored data, magnetic media, film and microfilm. 
		
            1.1.15 Where a wider construction is possible, the words “other” and “otherwise” shall not be construed ejusdem generis with any foregoing words. 

            1.1.16 All duties, liabilities and obligations of each of the Company and the Founders under this Agreement shall be several and not joint.



    2 SHARE CAPITAL AND SUBSCRIPTION TO SHARES

        2.1 Subscription to Investor Equity Shares

            2.1.41 On the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, Investor agree to subscribe to, and the Company agrees to issue and allot to Equity Shares for the Investor Equity Shares Subscription Amount of Rs. 6,98,90,200/- (Rupees Six Crore Ninety Eight Lakhs Ninety thousand and two hundred Only); Upon the terms and subject to the fulfilment of the conditions set forth in this Agreement, in consideration of the mutual rights and obligations of the Parties hereunder, the Investors agree to subscribe to and the Company, upon the receipt of the proportionate portion of the Subscription Amount,  agrees to issue, allot and deliver Subscription Share(s) fully paid to the Investors within _____ (____) days of the Closing Date, free and clear of all Encumbrances, in consideration for the Subscription Amount. 

            2.1.42 The Promoters hereby expressly consent to the transactions set out in this Agreement and waive any rights of pre-emption or other such similar rights that they may have under the Articles or any other arrangement in relation to the same.

            2.1.43 Payment Mechanism

Unless otherwise provided in this Agreement, all payments to be made under this Agreement shall be paid in Indian Rupees and shall be made by prescribed electronic modes .


        2.2 Capitalization Table 

The capitalization table of the share capital of the Company on payment of Investor Equity Subscription Amount shall be given in Schedule 1 to this Agreement

    3 CLOSING

        3.1 Date and Place of Closing

The Parties intend that the Closing shall take place on the Closing Date at a time and place mutually agreed in writing between the Company, the Founders/Promoters, and the Investors, in accordance with the provisions of Section [●] (Steps to Closing). 

        3.2 Obligations of the Investors at/after Closing:

            3.2.1 Obligations of Investors 

    (a) Investors shall transfer the Investor Equity Subscription Amount in consideration for the Investor Equity Shares directly to the following bank accounts in accordance with the following instructions being: 





            i. Bank Name: HDFC Bank
            ii. Account name: NeoAegis Personal Care Private Limited - SSA
            iii. Bank Address: Pashan
            iv. IFSC Code: HDFC0000223
            v. Account Number: 50200061548214

    (b) The Investor shall endeavor to do hand holding exercise to promote the business of the Company with the Founders/Promoters and will not undertake any activities which are detrimental to the Business of the Company.

    (c) It is hereby understood and agreed between the Parties that the proposed investment is being made by the Investors with full understanding of the risks involved and the Promoters or Other Shareholders have not made any commitment or representation of any kind for return of investment / capital or any returns thereon or on the past performance of the business or future prospects of the company or business.

        3.3 Obligations of the Company and the Founders/Promoters at Closing

            3.3.1 The Company and the Founders/Promoters shall have the following obligations at Closing:

                3.3.1.1 Subject to compliance of Section [●]by the Investors, the Company shall deliver to Investors, adequately signed, stamped and registered original share certificates representing the Investor Equity Shares. 

                3.3.1.2 The Founder/Promoter shall cause and the Company shall convene a meeting of its Board at which the following business shall be conducted in the following manner:

    (a) Issuance and allotment of Investor Equity Shares: Issuance and allotment of Investors Equity Shares to the Investor, free and clear of all Encumbrances, and the name of Investor to be entered in the register of members of the Company as the registered owner with the rights mentioned in this Agreement.

    (b) Amendment to the Articles: The agreed form of the Amended and Restated Articles of Association shall be approved and adopted, subject to approval of the Shareholders;

    (c) Convening of a Shareholders meeting: For the purpose of approval and adoption of the Amended and Restated Articles of Association, the Company shall convene an extraordinary general meeting of the Shareholders, at a shorter notice, to pass a special resolution for approval and adoption of the Amended and Restated Articles of Association;

    (d) Adoption and ratification of the Transaction Documents: The executed Transaction Documents (as applicable) shall be ratified and adopted; 

    (e) Authorization to make necessary filings: The Board shall pass necessary resolutions authorizing Directors or officers of the Company to make all necessary filings within such number of days as is prescribed under the Act including but not limited to, with the RoC, as may be required to give effect to the Transactions; 
    (f) Appointment of Mr Jital shah as the Investor Director as a Non-Executive Director of the Company.

    (g) At the extraordinary general meeting of the Shareholders convened at a shorter notice pursuant to Section [●], the Shareholders shall pass a special resolution for approval and adoption of the Amended Articles of Association.

3.3.2      The parties have agreed that the consent of Investor will be required for the following matters: 

    (a) amending Company’s organizational documents, change in the constitution, number or structure of the Board
    (b) changing Company’s share capital including creating new classes/series of shares, 
    (c) approving any merger, asset sale having value over Rs. 20 lacs, reorganization, acquisition, or any change of control transaction,
    (d) approving Company’s liquidation or dissolution,
    (e) any change of the key management personnel or control of the Company 
    (f) any change in the Board of Directors,
    (g) related party transactions exceeding Rs. 5 Lacs per person per month, excluding remuneration to be paid to the Promoters, and Directors and transactions with Aegis Personal Care LLP.
    (h) Availing any loan or financial assistance for an amount in excess of 2.5% (Two Point Five percent) of the Subscription Amount (in any year when taken in the aggregate) from any bank, financial institution, Promoters or Director, any creation of Encumbrance/lien against any Asset or right of the Company in connection with such loan or financial assistance, any pre-payment/early repayment of any such loan or financial assistance
    (i) Commencement of any new activity or line of business, ceasing or making any change in the nature or scope of the business of the Company or establishing any new business or taking any action or entering into any transaction that could reasonably be expected to result in material change in the nature/scope of the business;
    (j) Any conversion of the Company into a public limited company

Above stated matters shall be referred as Reserved Matters and the Company, shall not approve or take any action regarding any Reserved Matter without having first received consent of the Investor, which consent shall be received in the form of an affirmative vote, on the concerned resolution passed at a meeting of the Board or through a circular resolution. Provided, however, that where any Reserved Matters needs to be decided expeditiously considering best interests of the Business, Investor may at reasonable request of Promoters provide consent to such matter in writing.


        3.4 Entire Action

The Parties expressly agree that all of the above activities (as detailed in Section [●] and [●]) shall be deemed to be effective only if all such activities have been fully carried out and undertaken, and irrespective of the sequence of occurrence of such activities, they shall be deemed to have been carried out and become effective simultaneously. The Parties further agree that the Business Day, or if it not on a Business Day then the Business Day immediately thereafter, on which the last of all actions and/or conditions provided for in Section [●] (Obligation of the Investor at Closing) and Section [●] (Obligations of the Company and Founders/Promoters at Closing) have taken place, shall be the “Closing Date”.

        3.5 Consequences of Non-Compliance at Closing

The Parties agree that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, in the event that the Closing does not occur in the manner and time envisaged in this Agreement after remittance of the Investor share subscription amount by the Investors, then without prejudice to any other rights that the Investors may have under this Agreement and under Law or equity, at the request of the Investors, the Company shall and the Founders/Promoters shall cause the Company to immediately and in any event within 7 (Seven) Business Days of such request being made by the Investors, refund the entire Investors Subscription Amount to the Investors, as the case may be.


        3.6 Post-Closing Actions

The Company shall make all necessary filings (as set out below) and deliver to the Investors a certified true copy/acknowledged copy (as applicable) of the following:

    (a) RoC Filings. Within 15 days from the closing date , the Company shall deliver to the Investors a certified true copy of: (i) e-Form PAS-3 duly filed with the RoC along with receipt in respect of such filing intimating the issuance/allotment of the Investors Equity Shares; (ii) e-Form Mgt-14 duly filed with the RoC along with receipt in respect of adoption of the Amended and Restated Articles of Association, (iii) within 30 days from the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver to the Investor a certified true copy of e-Form DIR-12 along with the receipt of e-form DIR-12 filed with the Registrar of Companies in connection with the appointment of the Investor Director on the Board of the Company. 

    (b) Resolutions. On the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver to the Investors or Authorized Representative of the Investors certified true copy of all Board and Shareholder resolutions passed and as mentioned in Sections [●] and [●].

    (c) Statutory Registers: The Company shall update its statutory registers, including but not limited to its register of members and register of directors’ shareholding, to record therein all such information as is required under the Act.

    (d) Insurance - The Company shall obtain a directors’ and officers’ liabilities insurance in respect of all its Directors from a reputable insurer in a form, manner, value, and amount as may be mutually acceptable to the Company, Promoters, and the Investor.


    4 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY AND FOUNDERS AND PROMOTERS

        4.1 Subject to the matters stated in the Transaction Documents, each of the Company and the Founders and Promoters, severally and not jointly, represent and warrant to the Investors in respect of the Representations and Warranties as follows:

    (a) The Company and the Founders and Promoters have the legal right, power, and authority to enter into, deliver and perform under this Agreement, the Transaction Documents and any other documents executed by them (to the extent applicable) pursuant to or in connection with the Agreement. The Transaction Documents when executed shall constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company and the Founders and Promoters and is enforceable against the Company and the Founders and Promoters in accordance with its terms. The Founders and Promoters are of majority age and are competent to contract. 



    (b) Other than as specifically set out in this Agreement, no consents, approvals, order or authorization of, or registration, declaration or filing with, any Person is required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company or the Founders and Promoters and any other documents executed in the course of or pursuant to the Agreement, including for the allotment to and subscription by the Investor.

    (c) All of the issued and outstanding share capital and any other Shares and each of its Subsidiaries: (i) were duly authorized and validly issued; (ii) are fully paid,; (iii) were issued in compliance with all applicable Law; and (iv) were not issued in violation of, or subject to, any preemptive, subscription or other similar rights of any other Person.   
    (d) The Company has not declared any dividend or made any distribution to its Shareholders.

    (e) There are no outstanding powers of attorney given by the Company to any Person.

    (f) No Director is or has been declared blacklisted by or is in the defaulter’s list of any bank in India. 

    (g) All Shareholders shall be issued by the Company duly executed and adequately stamped share certificates.

    5 STANDSTILL COVENANTS

        5.1 Covenants of the Company and the Founders and Promoters

The Company and the Founders and Promoters covenant and agree with the Investors that, at all times from and after the Agreement Date until the Closing Date, the Founders and Promoters and the Company shall comply with all covenants and provisions of this Section [●] (Standstill Covenants), except to the extent the Investors may otherwise consent in writing (by mutual agreement). 

        5.2 Regulatory and Other Approvals 

The Company shall, as promptly as practicable, take all steps necessary or desirable to obtain all consents, approvals or actions, make all filings with and give all notices to Governmental Authorities or any other Person required to consummate the Transaction. 

        5.3 Management of the Company

During the period commencing from the Agreement Date to the Closing Date, the Company shall not carry on any business other than in the ordinary course of the business. 



        5.4 No Solicitations

From and after the Agreement Date, the parties shall not take, nor shall they permit any of their Representatives or any Affiliate to take, directly or indirectly, any action to encourage, solicit, initiate or participate in discussions or negotiations with or otherwise facilitate (including by furnishing Confidential Information or permitting access to the assets and properties and books and records of the Company ) any offer or inquiry from any Person concerning any merger, sale of shares, sale of substantial assets or similar transaction involving the Company or the Business except as may be disclosed to the Investors.  If the parties, Company, their Representatives or Affiliate receives from any Person any offer, inquiry or informational request referred to above, the recipient shall promptly advise the Investor of such offer, inquiry, or request.

        5.5 Information rights

The Company shall ensure that from the Agreement Date until the Closing Date, the Investor shall be provided with an agenda and other papers circulated to Directors and committee members for consideration at Board and/or committee meetings, as the case may be, at the same time as these papers are provided to the Directors and committee members. The Company shall also provide the Investor with certified true copies of minutes of all Board and committee meetings within 15 (fifteen) days from the date of such meeting. 
        5.6 Insurance

The Company shall keep, or cause to be kept, all necessary insurance policies or suitable replacements therefore, in full force and effect. 
	
        5.7 Notices and Cure

The Founders and Promoters and the Company shall notify the Investor in writing of, and contemporaneously shall provide the Investor with true and complete copies of any and all information or documents relating to, and shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to cure before the Closing Date, any event, transaction or circumstance, as soon as practicable after it becomes known to either of them, occurring after the Agreement Date and prior to the Closing Date that causes or will cause any covenant or agreement of either of them under this Agreement to be breached or that renders or will render untrue any Representation and Warranty as if the same were made on or as of the date of such event, transaction or circumstance. 


    6 CLOSING COVENANTS

    1. From the Execution Date, through to the Closing Date, and except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Company shall not, and the Promoters shall procure that the Company shall not, without the prior written consent of the Investors: 

                    (a) take any decisions or actions (whether in any Board meeting, meeting of a committee of Directors, general meeting, through any resolutions by circulation or otherwise) in relation to any of the matters as specified in clause [ 3.3.2] of this Agreement referred as reserved matters; or

                    (b) suffer or permit any change in the management or constitution of the Board which may lead to a change in Control of the Company.

        1.1 The Company shall ensure that the Company shall, between the Execution Date and the Closing Date:

                    (a) conduct its Business in the ordinary and normal course, consistent with past practices, existing policies and according to the Business Plan approved by the Investors; 

                    (b) conduct its operations in a manner, and shall otherwise use all reasonable efforts, so as to ensure that the Warranties shall continue to be true and correct on and as of Closing Date as if made on and as of such Closing Date;

                    (c) comply with all Applicable Law affecting its operations;

                    (d) provide the Investors and its representatives with reasonable access, upon reasonable prior written notice and during normal business hours, to all of the Company’s Assets, books, records and personnel designated for this purpose by the Company; and

                    (e) confer with the Investors concerning all matters of a material nature relating to the Company and the Business.

        1. 6. MANAGEMENT OF THE COMPANY

 6.1   Directors: The Company shall be managed by the Board of Directors who shall have powers to do all acts and take all actions that the Company is authorized to do; subject to those matters that are statutorily required under the Act to be approved by the Shareholders being referred for approval by the Shareholders. 

6.2        Board of Directors:

                (i) The Board shall be composed of 4 (four) Directors.  
                (ii) The Investor shall have the right to nominate 1 (one) Director (“Investor Director”) on the Board, in the manner set out in this Clause 6.2 so long as they continue to hold more than 10% stake in the equity share capital of the Company. The Investor Directors shall have a right to be voting members of all the Committees of the Board. The Promoters shall have the right to nominate 3 (three) Director(s) (“Promoter Director(s)”) on the Board, in the manner laid down in this Clause. The Promoter Directors can also be the whole time Directors on the Board.
                (iii) The Persons nominated as Directors shall be qualified to be appointed as Directors in accordance with Act.
                (iv) The Company and Promoters hereby agree, acknowledge and undertake that for as long as the Investors hold any Shares as specified in clause 6.2 (ii) in the Company, the Investor Directors shall at all times be a non-executive Directors, who shall not be liable to retire by rotation and shall have no responsibility for the day-to-day management of the Company and shall not be liable for any failure by such Company to comply with the Applicable Laws and Act or be construed as a “promoter” or “promoter group” and/ or “officer in default” under the Applicable Laws and Act. The Promoter Directors of the Company shall be responsible for the day-to-day affairs and management of the Company and shall report to the Board periodically. The Promoter Directors shall at all times keep the Board promptly and fully informed of their conduct of the Business or affairs of the Company and also provide such further information, written records and/or explanation as the Board may require.
                (v) The Company and the Promoters undertake to ensure that Directors, other than the Investor Directors, or other suitable persons, are nominated as officers in default, occupiers, officer in charge and/or employers, as the case may be (including appointment of a Director or other suitable person other than the Investor Directors as the person charged with responsibility for the financial statements and maintenance, filing or distribution of accounts and records), in order to ensure that the Investor Directors do not incur any liability. The Company and the Promoters undertake to ensure that in the event of vacation of office by such person appointed as officer in default, occupier and/or, officer in charge and/or employers, as the case may be, they shall immediately appoint another person other than the Investor Directors to hold such post. 

6.3        Appointment, Removal and Replacement:

    (i) The Shareholders and the Board shall procure that each appointment, removal or replacement of the Investor Director(s) or Promoter Director(s) is implemented without delay and where necessary, meetings of the Shareholders of the Company, or the Board Meetings, as applicable, are convened for this purpose. 

    (ii) The Investor may require the removal of the Investor Director(s) at any time and may nominate another individual in consultation with Promoters in place of the removed Investor Director(s), and all Shareholders shall exercise their rights to ensure the removal and appointment of the Investor Director(s) as aforesaid. No Person other than the Investor shall be permitted to remove or replace at any time and for any reason any Investor Director unless it is required by the Law. Any vacancy occurring with respect to the position of an Investor Director shall be filled only by another nominee specified by the Investor in consultation with the Promoters. 

    (iii) In the event of resignation, retirement, or vacation of office of any Investor Director due to any reason, the Investor shall be entitled to appoint another person as a nominee in place of such Investor Director as above and all Shareholders shall exercise their rights to ensure the appointment of the individual nominated for appointment as the Investor Director as aforesaid. 
    (iv) In the event that the Investor Director(s) are required to retire by rotation under Applicable Law and Act, the Company and Promoters shall ensure that such Investor Director(s) are reappointed at the same meeting of the Board in which their retirement is taken on record. 

    (v) The Investor shall be entitled to nominate alternate Directors for the Investor Directors, and such alternate Directors shall serve in the absence of the Investor Directors. Any appointment as alternate Director shall take place as the first item of business at the meeting of the Board next following receipt by the Company of such nomination. Upon the appointment as an alternate Director, such alternate Director shall be entitled to constitute quorum, vote, consent, sign written resolutions and otherwise be entitled to the same rights, benefits, and privileges as the Investor Director for whom such alternate Director is an alternate.

6.4       No Qualification Shares: 

    (i) The Investor Directors need not hold any qualification Shares in the Company.
6.5         Quorum for the Board Meetings:

    (ii) Subject to Applicable Law, the quorum for a Board meeting shall be any 2 (two) Directors, including one of the Investor Directors being present at and throughout such meeting. 
    (iii) If a quorum (as required under this Clause 6.5 (i) is not present at a Board Meeting within half an hour of the time appointed for a properly convened meeting, the meeting shall be adjourned for 5 (five) days to be held at the same place and time of day (“First Adjourned Board Meeting”). 
    (iv) If at the First Adjourned Board Meeting a quorum is not present within half an hour of the time appointed for a properly convened meeting, the First Adjourned Board Meeting shall be adjourned again for 5 (five) days to be held at the same place and time of day (“Second Adjourned Board Meeting”). 
    (v) At the Second Adjourned Board Meeting, the Directors present shall, subject to the provisions of the Act, constitute a quorum, provided that no Affirmative Voting Matter shall be discussed or transacted or voted upon at the Second Adjourned Board Meeting save with the prior written consent of the Investor, which consent may be unqualified or conditional.
                                             
6.6      Decisions of the Board: 

    (i) Except as otherwise required by the Applicable Law and Act and except for decisions in connection with Affirmative Voting Matters, all decisions of the Board shall be made by simple majority.
6.7      Liability of Investor Directors: 

    (ii) The Promoters and the Company expressly agree that the Investor Directors shall be non-executive Directors.
    (iii) The Company shall indemnify the Investor Directors against any and all acts, omissions or conduct (including, contravention of any Applicable Law and Act) of or by the Company, its officials, employees, managers, representatives or agents, or the Shareholders, as a result of which, in whole or in part, any Investor Director is made party to, or otherwise incurs any Claims, including a loss pursuant to or in connection with any action, suit, claim or proceeding arising out of or relating to any such act, omission or conduct or any act or omission by the Investor Directors at the request of or with the consent of the Company, its officials, employees, managers, representatives or agents or the Shareholders or on account of any Investor Director being construed or deemed as an “occupier” or “officer in charge” under any Applicable Law except against any and all acts, omissions or conduct (including, contravention of any Applicable Law and Act) undertaken with malafide intentions by the Investor Directors. The Articles shall provide for indemnification of Investor Directors, up to the extent permitted under the provisions of the Applicable Law and Act. It is hereby clarified that such indemnification shall survive cessation of the Investor Directors.

6.8      Non-Compete: - 

            (i)  In consideration of the Investor investing, through the Subscription Shares, in the Company, each Promoter jointly and severally covenants and undertakes to the Investor to ensure that the Key Employees or any of his Affiliates, subject to Clause 6.9(ii), will not (so long as he is an employee of the Company or he (or any of his Affiliates) holds any Equity Shares in the Company and for a period of 2 (two) years thereafter), as an individual, employee, consultant, independent contractor, partner, shareholder, unit holder, member or in association with any other Person, or in any other capacity, except on behalf of the Company or on behalf of Aegis Personal Care LLP:

                    (a) set up, solicit business on behalf of, render any services to, engage in, guarantee any obligations of, extend credit to, or have any ownership interests or other affiliation in, any business or other endeavour, (whether directly or indirectly), which is engaged in the business of a similar nature as the Business or competitive with the Company;
                    (b) assume management, directorship, or lead responsibility in any company without obtaining the prior written approval of the Investor; 
                    (c) solicit, render services to or for, or accept from, anyone who is a client, customer, or a supplier of the Company (whether present or future), any business of the type performed by the Company, or persuade or attempt in any manner to persuade any client, customer, or supplier of the Company to cease to do business or to reduce the amount of business which any such client, customer, or supplier has customarily done or is reasonably expected to do with the Company, whether or not the relationship between the Company and such client, customer, or supplier as the case may be, was originally established, in whole or in part, through the Promoter’s efforts;
                    (d) interfere or seek to interfere or take such steps as may interfere with the continuance of the business between the Company or by any subsidiary (or the terms relating to such distribution) with the distributors of the Company or any subsidiary; and
                    (e) employ as an employee or retain as a consultant any Person (including individual, firm, corporation or other form of entity) who is then or at any time during the 1 (One) year period prior to the date of the purported solicitation was, an employee of or exclusive consultant to the Company, or persuade or attempt to persuade any employee of, or exclusive consultant to, the Company, to leave the employment of the Company or to become employed as an employee or retained as a consultant by any other Person. 
    (ii) The Parties acknowledge that (a) the type and periods of restriction imposed in the provisions of this Clause 6.9 are fair and reasonable and are reasonably required in order to protect and maintain the legitimate business interests and the goodwill associated with the Business in any country in which the Company conducts business; and (b) the time, scope and other provisions of this Clause have been specifically negotiated by sophisticated commercial parties. 

    (iii) If any of the restraints contained in the provisions of this Clause or any part thereof, is held to be unenforceable by reason of it extending for too great a period of time, or by reason of it being too extensive in any other respect, the Parties agree that (i) such restraint shall be interpreted to extend only over the maximum period of time for which it may be enforceable and/or over the maximum geographic areas as to which it may be enforceable and/or over the maximum extent in all other respects as to which it may be enforceable, all as determined by the court or arbitration panel making such determination and (ii) in its reduced form, such restraint shall then be enforceable, but such reduced form of covenant shall only apply with respect to the operation of such restraint in the particular jurisdiction in or for which such adjudication is made. Each of the restraints and agreements contained in the provisions of this Clause ____ (collectively, the “Protective Covenants”) is separate, distinct, and severable. 
    (iv) The existence of any claim, demand, action, or cause of action of the Promoters against the Investor or the Company, whether predicated in this Agreement or otherwise, shall not constitute a defense against the enforcement by the Investor of each Protective Covenant. 
    (v) The unenforceability of any Protective Covenant shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other Protective Covenant or any other provision or provisions of this Agreement. 
    (vi) Subject to Applicable Law, the duration of the Protective Covenants shall be extended during any period in which the concerned Key Employee or any of the Affiliates is in violation of any of such Protective Covenants, and all such restrictions shall automatically be extended by the period of the concerned Key Employee’s or Affiliates violation of any such restrictions. The Promoters expressly waive and shall ensure that each of the other Key Employees and Affiliates expressly waive any right to assert inadequacy of consideration as a defence to enforcement of the covenants set forth in the provisions of this Clause. 

    7 INVESTORS RIGHTS ON FURTHER ISSUE OF SHARES 
        7.1 Pre-emptive Rights

            7.1.1 Subject to applicable Law, in the event the Company proposes to make issue of any shares (“New Issue”) to any Person (each, a “Proposed Recipient”), the Company shall first make an offering of such New Shares to the Investors and the Promoters including other shareholders in proportion to his shareholding on the date of issue/offer of New Issue, in accordance with the provisions of applicable laws.

            7.1.2 If the New Shares or any portion thereof, referred to in the Offer Notice are not elected to be subscribed to by the Investors, as provided in Section [●], the Company may following the expiration of the Offer Period, offer the unsubscribed portion of such New Shares (collectively, the “Refused Shares”) to the Proposed Recipient at a price agreed by the Board of Directors, and upon terms no more favorable than those specified in the Offer Notice. If the Company does not enter into an agreement for the issuance/ subscription of the Refused Shares within the 180 (One Hundred & Eighty) Business Days period as aforesaid, or if such agreement is not consummated within 30 (thirty) Business Days of the execution thereof, the rights provided hereunder shall be deemed to be revived and such Refused Shares shall not be offered unless first re-offered to the Investor, as the case may be, in accordance with this Section [●]. It is clarified that as part of the agreement for issuance/ subscription proposed to be executed between the Company and the Proposed Recipients to whom Refused Shares are issued, the Proposed Recipients shall have agreed in writing, as a precondition to acquiring such Refused Shares, to be bound by the terms of this Agreement by executing a deed of adherence substantially as a new Shareholder; provided, further, that if such issuance is subject to Governmental Approval, such 30 (thirty) Business Day period (mentioned above for consummation of the issuance/ subscription) shall be extended until the expiration of a further 15 (fifteen) Business Days after all such approvals have been received, but in no event later than 120 (one hundred and twenty) days from the completion of the procedures set forth in Section [●]. 

            7.1.3 At the consummation of the issuance of such New Shares in accordance with Sections [●] as the case may be, the Company shall, free and clear of all Encumbrances, issue certificates representing the New Shares of the Company to be subscribed to the Investor exercising its rights pursuant to Section [●], as the case may be, and register the name of the Investor, against payment by such Investor of the subscription price for the New Shares in accordance with the terms and conditions as specified in the Offer Notice.

        7.2 Exempt Shares

The pre-emptive rights contained in Section [●] (Pre-emptive Rights) shall not apply to Shares issued pursuant to: (i) this Agreement; (ii) ESOP and bonus on any shares subject to compliance with the applicable laws. 

    8 TRANSFER OF Shares

Except as provided in this Agreement, the Promoters and the Investors shall not, directly, or indirectly, Transfer or Encumber any Shares or the legal or beneficial ownership of any Shares or any of their rights or obligations under this Agreement, to any third party.

            8.1.1 Lock-in:

    (i) The Promoters shall not, Transfer in any way or manner any of the Equity Securities held by them (except for transfers to Affiliates) prior to a period of 2 (Two) years from the Closing Date without the prior written consent of the Investors. Upon receipt of Investor’s consent, the Promoters shall be entitled to Transfer the Equity Securities held by them subject to Clauses ___ and ___ (the right of first refusal and Tag Along Rights) of the Investor as set out herein below.

    (ii) The Company hereby agrees and confirms that it shall not record any such Transfer or agreement or arrangement to Transfer in its books and shall not recognize or register any equitable or other claim to, or any interest in, such Equity Securities which have been Transferred in any manner other than as permitted under the provisions of this Clause __ and all such purported Transfers shall be void ab initio, as well as considered a breach of this Agreement. 

            8.1.2 Subject to the provisions of Section [●], none of the Founders and Promoters shall, without the prior written consent of the Investor, Transfer to any Person at any time, except as agreed, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, any Securities held by such Founder or Promoter.


        8.2 Restriction on Transfer by Founders:

            8.2.1 The Founder shall not sell or transfer their respective shares in the Company otherwise than as permitted under this Agreement.

            8.2.2 No Founder shall except with prior written consent of the Investors be entitled to pledge, hypothecate, create a charge or encumbrance or otherwise create any security, interest or lien, either directly or indirectly, in any manner, on all or any of its shares in the Company.
            8.2.3 If, at any time, any Founder intends to sell or transfer all or part of its  shares  in the Company, then it will be under an obligation to first offer those shares to the other Founder or other shareholders .
            8.2.4 If, at any time the other Founder / other shareholders do not accept the offer of sale of shares under clause [] above then such Founder is under an obligation to make such offer of sale of shares to the Investors in proportion to their existing stake in the paid up share capital in the Company pursuant to Clause [.] below.

            8.2.5 In such event, the Founder/s desirous of selling its shares (the 'Selling Shareholder') shall serve a written notice on the Investors and other shareholders  in writing stipulating the terms and conditions of the offer including the sale price. The Investors and other shareholders shall in response to the written notice, within a period of 21 (twenty one) days from the date of receipt of the said Notice, (i) accept the offer to purchase upto its pro- rata shares of the Offered shares within 21 (Twenty-One) days from the date of receipt of the said Notice on the terms and conditions as prescribed in the said Notice, either through itself or through its Affiliates or (ii) reject the offer. The Investors can alsoexercise their Tag Along Rights under Clause [.] below, in which case the process provided under Clause [.] shall apply. In the event any investor/s and other shareholders is/are not desirous of purchasing the shares offered to them or is desirous of purchasing only a part of the shares offered to him in the manner stated above, such shares shall be offered to others in proportion to their existing stake paid up share capital in the Company, on the same terms and conditions. 

            8.2.6 Upon the service of a notice, each Investor shall within a period of 21 days inform the Founder/s whether they wish to purchase the said shares by way of a Letter of Acceptance which shall be binding on the investor/s and Founders. It is agreed by the parties that the Selling Shareholder shall be under an obligation to sell its shares pursuant to a Letter of Acceptance only if all the shares offered by it to all the other shareholders are agreed to be purchased by the said shareholders i.e. the Selling Shareholder shall not be bound to transfer its shares only if a part of the shares offered by it are agreed to be purchased. In such a case, the Selling Shareholder shall be free to transfer all (and not less than all) the shares offered by it to a third party subject to the provisions of Clause 9 below. The said notice period of 21 day shall be observed at each step of offer as stated in this clause [].

            8.2.7 If the Investor/s are not desirous of purchasing the shares offered by the Selling Shareholder and also not desirous of exercising their Tag Along Rights under clause 9 below, the Selling Shareholder shall be entitled to transfer all of its shares (within 90 days of non-acceptance of offer by the Investors) to any third party (not being a competitor of the Company) on terms not more favourable than those offered to the Investor/ss. Further, if the Selling Shareholder fails to transfer its shares within the period specified in this clause, it shall not be entitled to transfer its shares thereafter to any third party, without first re-offering the said shares as required under this clause []. 

            8.2.8 In every case of transfer of shares to any person or entity other than a Party to this Agreement the Selling Shareholder shall ensure before transferring its shares to such person or entity, that the said person or entity enters into a Deed of Adherence , in the format provided by the Company, by which the third party shall agree to be bound by the provisions of this Agreement or as amended, as if it were originally a Party to this Agreement jointly with the Selling Shareholder.

            8.2.9 In case of death of any Party to this Agreement, all Shares will pass to the legal heir/s, with no imposition of the transfer provisions laid out in this Clause, provided the individuals receiving shares under this clause sign agreement, in the format provided by the Company, (through its guardian if less than 18 years of age) prior to the transmission of shares by which the such legal heirs shall agree to be bound by the provisions of this Agreement or as amended, as if it were originally a Party to this Agreement. In the event the person acquiring the shares pursuant to the transmission is unwilling to be bound by this Agreement, such person shall offer his / her entire stake for sale to the existing shareholders in accordance with this Clause [].

            8.2.10 Nothing in this Clause [] shall apply to an inter se transfer of shares between the Founders and their respective affiliates. .

        8.3 Restriction on transfer of shares by Investors:

            8.3.1 The Investor/s shall not sell or transfer their respective shares in the Company otherwise than as permitted under this Agreement.
            8.3.2 No Investor/s shall except with prior written consent of the Founders be entitled to pledge, hypothecate, create a charge or encumbrance or otherwise create any security, interest or lien, either directly or indirectly, in any manner, on all or any of its shares in the Company.
            8.3.3 In such event, the Investor/s desirous of selling its shares (the 'Selling Shareholder') shall serve a written notice on the Founders and other shareholders  in writing stipulating the terms and conditions of the offer including the sale price. The Founders and other shareholders in response to the written notice, shall within a period of 21  (twenty one) days from the date of receipt of the said Notice,  accept the offer to purchase upto its pro- rata share of the Offered Securities within 21 (twenty-one) days from the date of receipt of the said Notice on the terms and conditions as prescribed in the said Notice, either through itself or through its Affiliates or (ii) reject the said Offer. In the event any Founders and other shareholders is/are not desirous of purchasing the Shares offered to them or is desirous of purchasing only a part of the shares offered to him in the manner stated above, such Shares shall be offered to others in proportion to their existing stake paid up share capital in the Company, on the same terms and conditions. 

            8.3.4 Upon the service of a notice, each Founder shall within a period of 21 days inform the Investor/s whether they wish to purchase the said shares by way of a Letter of Acceptance which shall be binding on the investor/s and Founders. The said notice period of 21 day shall be observed at each step of offer as stated in this clause [].

            8.3.5 If the Founder/s and/or other shareholders are not desirous of purchasing the shares offered by the Selling Shareholder, the Selling Shareholder shall be entitled to transfer all of its shares (within 90 days of non-acceptance of offer by the Non-Selling Shareholder) to any third party as may be approved by the Founders (not being a competitor of the Company) on terms not more favourable than those offered to the Founder/s. Further, if the Selling Shareholder fails to transfer its shares within the period specified in this clause, it shall not be entitled to transfer its shares thereafter to any third party, without first re-offering the said shares as required under this clause []. 

            8.3.6 In every case of transfer of shares to any person or entity other than a Party to this Agreement the Selling Shareholder shall ensure before transferring its shares to such person or entity, that the said person or entity enters into a Deed of Adherence , in the format provided by the Company, by which the third party shall agree to be bound by the provisions of this Agreement or as amended, as if it were originally a Party to this Agreement jointly with the Selling Shareholder.

            8.3.7 In case of death of any Party to this Agreement, all Shares will pass to the legal heir/s, with no imposition of the transfer provisions laid out in this Clause, provided the individuals receiving shares under this clause signs the deed of Adherence in the format provided by the Company, (through its guardian if less than 18 years of age) prior to the transmission of shares by which the legal heir shall agree to be bound by the provisions of this Agreement or as amended, as if it were originally a Party to this Agreement. In the event the person acquiring the shares pursuant to the transmission is unwilling to be bound by this Agreement, he shall offer his entire stake for sale to the existing shareholders in accordance with this Clause [].

            8.3.8 Nothing in this Clause [] shall apply to an inter se transfer of shares between the Investors and their affiliates provided the affiliates have signed a Deed of Adherence.

    9 TAG ALONG RIGHT 

        9.1 Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, if the Founders (either individually or collectively) (“Founder Selling Shareholder/s”) proposes to Transfer (with the prior consent of the Investors) all or any of its Shares in a single transaction or a series of related transactions (“Sale Shares”) in the Company to any Person (“Intending Purchaser”) at any time during the term of this Agreement, then the Founder Selling Shareholder/s shall, by a written notice (“Sale Shares Notice”), grant the Investors a tag along right in accordance with the provisions of this Clause 9. The Sale Shares Notice shall contain the name of the Intending Purchaser to whom the Founder Selling Shareholder/s proposes to sell the Sale Shares, the price at which the Intending Purchaser has offered to purchase the Sale Shares, terms of payment and any other terms and conditions. 

        9.2 Upon receipt of the Sale Shares Notice, each Investor shall have an option to (but shall not have any obligation to) Transfer such number of Shares held by them in proportion to their respective shareholding in the Company (such Shares, the “Tag Shares”) to the Intending Purchaser, at the same price and on the same terms and conditions mentioned in the Sale Shares Notice. However, in the event the number of Sale Shares proposed to be Transferred would result in a change of Control of the Company then each Investor shall be entitled to Transfer all the Shares held by it (such Shares, the “Tag Shares”), at the same price and on the same terms and conditions mentioned in the Sale Shares Notice. The Selling Shareholder shall ensure that the Intending Purchaser also purchases the Tag Shares along with the Sale Shares. If the Intending Purchaser does not purchase all of the shares so offered, then the Parties shall transfer the shares in proportion of their shareholding in the Company. 

        9.3 Each Investor shall be entitled to exercise their tag along rights mentioned above by way of a written notice to the Founder Selling Shareholder/s (each, a “Tag Notice”) within 21 (twenty one) days from the date of receipt of the Sale Shares Notice (“Tag Period”). If any Investor(s) send(s) the Tag Notice to the Founder Selling Shareholder/s within the Tag Period, then the Selling Shareholder shall ensure that the Intending Purchaser purchases on the terms and conditions set out in the Sale Shares Notice, the Tag Shares mentioned in the Tag Notice along with the Sale Shares of the Selling Shareholder. If the Tag Notice is given by the Investor(s), the Transfer of the Sale Shares and the Tag Shares shall be completed within two months of the date of the Tag Notice.   

        9.4 If the Tag Notice is not sent by the Investors before the expiry of the Tag Period, the offer will be deemed to have been rejected, and the Founder Selling Shareholder/s shall thereafter be free to Transfer the Sale Shares to the Intending Purchaser within a period of two months from the date of expiry of the Tag Period (“Free Sale Period”), at the same price and on the same terms set out in the Sale Shares Notice.


        9.5 If the Sale Shares are not Transferred within the Free Sale Period in accordance with this Clause 9, the rights of the Investors pursuant to this Clause 9 shall again take effect with respect to any Transfer of Shares held by the Founder Selling Shareholder/s.



        9.6 The Investors shall not be required to make any representation of warranty to the Intending Purchaser, other than as to title to the Tag Shares. Any stamp duty or Transfer Taxes or fees payable on the Transfer of any Tag Shares to the Intending Purchaser shall be borne and paid by the Selling Shareholder and/or the Purchaser. 

    10 Drag along right

        10.1 The Promoters (Collectively) (“Dragging Promoters”) shall have the right but not the obligation to require Non-Selling Investor Group and other shareholders  to undertake a sale of all or a part of their shareholding of the Company, as may be required by the Drag-Along Purchaser (“Sale”). If the Dragging Promoters choose to exercise its right set out herein, the Dragging Promoters shall deliver a written notice to the Company and the Non-Selling Investor Group and other shareholders. The Company shall immediately notify the Non-Selling Investor Group and other Shareholders, of the Dragging Promoter’s intention to cause the Sale (“Sale Notice”). The Non-Selling Investor Group and other shareholders agree that, within a period of 30 (thirty) days from receipt of the Sale Notice, a meeting of the Board and the Shareholders shall be convened and at all such meetings of the Shareholders and the Board, the Non-Selling Investor Group and other shareholders  shall, consent to the Sale in a manner and on the terms and conditions determined by the Dragging Promoters. 

        10.2 The Company and the Non-Selling Investor Group and Non-Selling Other Shareholders shall, co-operate and take all necessary and desirable actions in connection with the consummation of the Sale including without limitation, timely execution and delivery of any agreements and instruments to complete the Sale, providing access and information as may be requested by any potential purchaser and co-operating in any due diligence conducted by the potential purchaser. The Company and the Non-Selling Investor Group and other Non-Selling Other Shareholder shall provide such customary representations and warranties, indemnities and covenants as may be required by any potential purchaser in connection with the completion of the Sale. 


    11. BORROWINGS AND FUNDING

11.1. 	The Parties hereto expressly agree that in the event the Company proposes to borrow funds from any Person, including but not limited to banks and financial institutions, the Investor shall not be asked, or be required to give any warranties, letter of comfort and/or guarantees, of any nature whatsoever for any loans or with regard to any aspect of the Business or functioning of the Company. 

11.2.	The Investors shall likewise not be required to pledge their Shares or provide any support to any Third Party, including but not limited to lenders of the Company, provided, however, that other Shareholders may pledge their Shares or provide any support to any Third Party, including but not limited to lenders of the Company. 

    12. MANAGEMENT OF THE COMPANY

        12.1. Directors

    13. The Company shall be managed by the Board which shall have powers to do all acts and take all actions that the Company is authorized to do; subject only to the proviso that those matters that are statutorily required under the Act to be approved by the Shareholders shall be referred for approval by the Shareholders. SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETINGS

        13.1. General Meetings

An annual general meeting of the Shareholders of the Company shall be held as per the provisions of the Act. Subject to the foregoing, the Board, on its own or at the request of the Investor, may convene an extraordinary general meeting of the Shareholders, whenever they deem appropriate.


        13.2. Notices for General Meetings

At least 7 (Seven) days’ prior written notice of every annual general meeting of Shareholders shall be given to all Shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company. A meeting of the Shareholders may be called by giving shorter notice with the written consent of the minimum number of Shareholders as provided by the Act including the Investor and Founders and Promoters in compliance with the Companies Act, 2013 and rules made thereunder.

        13.3. Contents of Notice

The notice to the Shareholder shall specify the place, date and time of the meeting.  Every notice convening a meeting of the Shareholders shall set forth in full and sufficient detail the business to be transacted thereat, and no business shall be transacted at such meeting unless the same has been stated in the notice convening the meeting. The draft resolutions to be considered at the Shareholders’ meeting must be furnished to all the Shareholders along with the Notice of the Meeting.

        13.4. Chairman for General Meeting

            13.4.1. The Chairman of the Meeting shall be elected by the Members present. The Chairman of the general meeting shall not have any second or casting vote.

        13.5. Proxies and Authorized Representatives

Any Shareholder of the Company may appoint another Person as his proxy (and in case of a corporate shareholder, an authorized representative, who can then appoint a proxy) to attend a meeting and vote thereat on such Shareholder’s behalf, provided that the power given to such proxy or representative must be in writing. Any Person possessing a proxy or other such written authorization with respect to any Shares shall be able to vote on such Shares and participate in meetings as if such Person were a Shareholder, subject to the applicable Law.

        13.6. Quorum for General Meetings

At least two (2) Shareholders of the Company shall be necessary to form a quorum for a valid general meeting (“Shareholder Quorum”) or as required under the relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and rules made thereunder.  

        13.7. Adjournment of General Meetings for lack of Quorum

                13.7.1.1. If a Shareholder Quorum is not present within 30 (thirty) minutes of the scheduled time for any Shareholders’ meeting or ceases to exist at any time during the meeting, then the meeting shall be adjourned, to the same day, place and time in the next succeeding week (it being understood that the agenda for such adjourned meeting shall remain unchanged and the quorum for such adjourned meeting shall be the same as required for the original meeting). 

            13.7.2. Decision Making

All decisions of the Shareholders of the Company shall be made by simple majority. 

    14. EXERCISE OF VOTING & OTHER RIGHTS BY PARTIES 

        14.1. The Parties jointly undertake to ensure that they, their representatives and proxies representing them at the general meetings of the Shareholders of the Company shall at all times exercise their votes and through their respective appointed or alternate directors at Board meetings and otherwise, act in such manner so as to comply with, and to fully and effectually implement the spirit, intent and specific provisions of this Agreement.

    15. COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY AND THE FOUNDERS and PROMOTERS

        15.1. Covenants with respect to Corporate Existence


	The Company shall at all times: (i) preserve and maintain in full force and effect its corporate existence and, if applicable, good standing under the Laws of its jurisdiction of formation or organization; (ii) preserve and maintain in full force and effect all of its rights, privileges, qualifications, applications, licenses and franchises, including all Governmental Approvals, necessary or customarily obtained for their respective businesses as currently conducted or contemplated to be conducted; and (iii) file or cause to be filed in a timely manner all reports, applications and licenses that shall be required by any Governmental Authority.

        15.2. Covenants with respect to Use of Proceeds

The Company shall ensure that the amounts received by the Company from the Investor towards the subscription of Investor Equity Shares are utilized for meeting the capital expenditure and working capital requirements of the Company as per the agreed Business Plan and in compliance with all applicable Laws. 


        15.3. Covenants with respect to the Liquidation Preference 

The Company and the Founders and Promoters shall take all steps necessary to ensure that the Investor (to the extent applicable) shall be entitled to benefits of the Liquidation Preference, available to them, as per the Agreement. Neither the Company nor any of the Founders and Promoters (or their Affiliates) shall raise a contention that the Liquidation Preference granted to the Investor under this Agreement are illegal and unenforceable. The Founders and Promoters agree and undertake that they shall honor the Liquidation Preference of the Investor in distributing the assets and/or proceeds on the occurrence of a Liquidation Event in the manner agreed, including where legally permissible, re-distribution of assets or proceeds that may be received by the Founders and Promoters on a Liquidation Event, to Investor.

        15.4. Covenant with respect to Compliance with Laws

The Company shall at all times, comply in all respects with all Laws applicable to it or any of its Real Properties, assets, or Business.

        15.5. Covenant with respect to Day-to-Day Management

The day-to-day management of the Company shall be vested with the Founders, subject to the superintendence, guidance, and directions of the Board.


    16. LIQUIDATION PREFERENCE

        16.1. Upon occurrence of a Liquidation Event, the assets available for distribution with the Company shall be distributed amongst the Shareholders in the following manner and sequence:

    (a) First:
The Company shall distribute to the Investor, prior to any distribution to any other Shareholders an amount equal to the Investment (Subscription amount plus premium) amount of the Investor respectively.

    (b) Second:
After distributing to the Investors their Investment amount, the Company shall distribute to the Promoters and other shareholders at face value the remaining amount as per shareholding pattern. 
The remaining surplus after the above distribution shall be shared between all the shareholders in their shareholding ratio.

    17. RIGHT OF INSPECTION

The Investor shall, at all times, by giving a notice of at least 10 (ten) days, be entitled to carry out inspection of site, accounts, documents, records, premises, and equipment and all other property of the Company during normal working hours through its authorized representatives or agents subject to execution of confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements with the Company or the Investor at its own cost and the Company shall use reasonable efforts to provide such information, data, documents, evidence as may be required for the purpose of and in the course of such inspection in connection therewith. The Investor shall be entitled, at its own cost and expense, to consult with the statutory auditors of the Company regarding the financial affairs of the Company. It shall be the responsibility of the Promoters to ensure that the obligations under this Clause are given full effect.  
        19.1 The Investor shall, at all times, by giving a notice of at least 10 (ten) days, be entitled to carry out inspection of site, accounts, documents, records, premises, and equipment and all other property of the Company during normal working hours through its authorized representatives or agents subject to execution of confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements with the Company or the Investor at its own cost and the Company shall use reasonable efforts to provide such information, data, documents, evidence as may be required for the purpose of and in the course of such inspection in connection therewith. The Investor shall be entitled, at its own cost and expense, to consult with the statutory auditors of the Company regarding the financial affairs of the Company. It shall be the responsibility of the Promoters to ensure that the obligations under this Clause are given full effect.  
        19.2 The Company and the Promoters shall take all necessary and desirable actions in connection with the exercise of the Investor’s rights under the provisions of Clauses  13 and 14 hereof, including without limitation, the timely execution and delivery of such agreements and instruments and other actions reasonably necessary to co-operate with all prospective purchasers of the Equity Shares of the Company, to provide such access and information as may be requested by such Third Party purchasers, and co-operating in any due-diligence conducted by each such purchaser.

    18. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

All the IP Rights arising out of the performance by the Company of its Business and the inputs of the Promoters in the course of their association with the Company, shall be owned by the Company and all Parties will assist the Company in securing such IP Rights as the Company may own by filing for appropriate protection under Applicable Laws or by executing separate written agreements in the name of the Company. No Party to this Agreement will act in any manner derogatory to the proprietary rights of the Company over such IP Rights.

    19. TERM AND TERMINATION

        19.1. This Agreement shall come into effect on the Closing Date.

        19.2. This Agreement may be terminated at any time before the Closing, by mutual written agreement of the Parties.

        19.3. Effect of Termination

If this Agreement is validly terminated pursuant to the provisions of Sections [●], as the case may be, this Agreement shall forthwith become null and void vis-à-vis all of the Parties and, except as set forth below, there shall be no liability or obligation on the part of the Company, the Founders and Promoters, the Investor (or any of their respective Affiliates or Representatives), except in respect of any rights and liabilities which have accrued in relation to any breach of the Surviving Provisions, provided that if such termination shall result from: (i) the willful failure of any Party to fulfill a condition to the performance of the obligations of any other Party; (ii) failure to perform a covenant of this Agreement; or (iii) breach by any Party of any representation or warranty or agreement contained herein, such Party shall be fully liable for any and all Losses incurred or suffered by the other Parties as a result of such failure or breach. 
        19.4. Survival

            19.4.1. The Surviving Provisions shall survive for a period of 1 (one) year from the termination or expiration of this Agreement. Any provision and obligation of the Parties relating to or governing their acts, which expressly or by its nature survives such termination or expiration, shall be enforceable with full force and effect notwithstanding such termination or expiration, until it is satisfied in full or by its nature expires.

            19.4.2. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement to the contrary, termination shall not limit or extinguish the liabilities of the Parties, under this Agreement or applicable Law, that have accrued prior to the date of termination, including the liability of any Party for any breach of any of its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements set forth in this Agreement.

        19.5. Suspension

None of the Parties shall be obligated under this Agreement to take any action or omit to take any action that would or is reasonably likely to cause it to be in violation of any Law. A Party shall be entitled to suspend payments and the performance of any of its other obligations under this Agreement at any time prior to the termination of this Agreement and without any future obligation to make any payments under this Agreement or otherwise, if a violation has occurred or is reasonably likely to occur by or on behalf of, or which is attributable to, any other Party, of any applicable Law.
    20. CONFIDENTIALITY

        20.1. The Parties recognize that each of them shall be given and have access to Confidential Information. The Parties undertake not to use any Confidential Information for their own corporate purposes (except as may be necessary for the internal reporting of the Investor and/or their respective Affiliates) or any other purpose without the prior written consent of the Party disclosing such information and shall use their best efforts to keep confidential and not to disclose to any Person any such Confidential Information. The Parties shall take all such steps as are necessary to ensure that their Representative/s and any other Persons to whom the above-mentioned information is disclosed are bound by these covenants. 

        20.2. The obligations of confidentiality shall not apply to any information that:

    (a) was known to the Party prior to its disclosure by the disclosing Party without any obligation of confidentiality;

    (b) has become generally available to the public (other than due to the disclosure by the receiving Party, directly or indirectly);

    (c) may be required in any report, statement or testimony submitted to any Governmental Authority;

    (d) may be required to comply with any Law applicable to any Party hereto.

Provided that prior to any disclosure in respect of a request to disclose Confidential Information under subsections (c) and (d), the Party required to make such disclosure must first notify the other Party, who shall be entitled to limit the extent of the disclosure to the maximum extent possible. Any disclosure under sub-section (c) and (d) by the Party, shall not entitle or give any further right to such Party to disclose such Confidential Information to any Third Party and provisions of this Section [●] (Confidentiality) shall continue to apply to such confidential information.

    21. EMPLOYEE STOCK OPTION PLAN

        21.1. Subject to the provisions of this Agreement and written approval from the Investor, the Company may create for the Employees, ESOP Pool out of the total Share capital of the Company any time after the Closing.

    22. ARBITRATION

        22.1. Amicable Settlement

Subject to Section [●] (Governing Law and Jurisdiction), if any dispute or difference arises between any of the Parties hereto during the subsistence of this Agreement or thereafter, in connection with the validity, interpretation, implementation or alleged breach of any provision of this Agreement or regarding any question, including the question as to whether the termination of this Agreement by any Party hereto has been legitimate  (“Dispute”), the Parties hereto shall Endeavour to settle such Dispute amicably. The attempt to bring about an amicable settlement is considered to have failed as soon as one of the Parties hereto, after reasonable attempts, which attempt shall continue for not less than 30 (thirty) days, gives 30 (thirty) days’ notice thereof to the other Party in writing.

        22.2. Arbitration Procedure

            22.2.1. All Disputes which are not resolved under Section [●] (Amicable Settlement) shall be resolved by binding arbitration.

            22.2.2. A Party seeking to commence arbitration under this Section shall first serve a written notice, specifying the matter or matters to be so submitted to arbitration, on the other Parties hereto.

            22.2.3. All claims and counterclaims shall, to the extent such claims or counterclaims are known at the time any arbitration is commenced, be consolidated and determined in the same arbitration proceeding. 

        22.3. Venue and Language 

The venue for such arbitration shall be in Pune and all proceedings shall be conducted in the English language. 

        22.4. Number and Appointment of Arbitrators

The arbitration shall be conducted before an arbitral tribunal composes of 3 (three) arbitrators, one each to be appointed by the parties in Dispute, with the two arbitrators so appointed appointing the third arbitrator to act as chairman of the arbitral tribunal. It is hereby agreed that if there is more than one claimant party or more than one respondent party, the claimant parties acting together and the respondent parties acting together shall each respectively appoint one arbitrator, with the two arbitrators so appointed appointing the third arbitrator to act as chairman of the arbitral tribunal. 

        22.5. Applicable Law

Such arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. 

        22.6. Arbitration Costs

Deposits to cover the costs of arbitration shall be shared equally by the parties thereto. The award rendered by the arbitrator or arbitrators shall, in addition to dealing with the merits of the case, fix the costs of the arbitration and decide which of the Parties shall bear such costs or in what proportions such costs shall be borne by the Parties hereto. 

        22.7. Award Final and Binding

The award rendered by the arbitrator or arbitrators shall be final and conclusive on all Parties to this Agreement, whether or not such Parties have taken part in the arbitration, and shall be subject to forced execution in any court of competent jurisdiction.

        22.8. Confidentiality

No Party or Person involved in any way in the creation, coordination or operation of the arbitration of any Dispute may disclose the existence, content or results of the Dispute or any arbitration conducted under this Agreement in relation to that Dispute, in each case subject to those disclosures permitted by Section [●] (Confidentiality) and save as required in order to enforce the arbitration agreement or any award made pursuant to this Agreement.

        22.9. Right to Damages

The Parties expressly waive and forego any right to punitive, exemplary, or similar damages in connection with any Dispute and no such damages shall be awarded or provided for in any dispute resolution proceeding under or in aid of this Section [●].

    23. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION

        23.1. Governing Law

This Agreement is governed by, subject to and shall be construed in accordance with the Laws of India.

        23.2. Jurisdiction

All legal proceedings arising out of or under this Agreement shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of Pune only.

    24. MISCELLANEOUS

        24.1. Injunctive Relief

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, in the event of a breach by any Party of any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the non-breaching Party or Parties shall be entitled to obtain, from an appropriate court or other forum, an injunction restraining any further apprehended breach in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.


        24.2. Waiver

No forbearance, indulgence, relaxation, or inaction by any Party at any time to require performance of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall in any way affect, diminish or prejudice the right of such Party to require performance of that provision at a later stage. Any waiver or acquiescence by any Party of any breach of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver or acquiescence of any right under or arising out of this Agreement or of the subsequent breach, or acquiescence to or recognition of rights other than as expressly stipulated in this Agreement.

        24.3. Cumulative Rights

All remedies of either Party under this Agreement whether provided herein or conferred by statute, civil law, common law, custom, trade, or usage are cumulative and not alternative and may be enforced successively or concurrently.

        24.4. Notices

            24.4.1. Any notice, request or instruction to be given hereunder by any Party to the other shall be in writing, in English language and delivered personally, or sent by registered mail postage prepaid, or courier, or facsimile (followed by a confirmation by mail), addressed to the concerned Party at the address set forth below or any other address subsequently notified to the other Parties:

[●]

            24.4.2. For the purposes of this Section, a notice shall be deemed to be effective (i) in the case of a registered mail, seven days after posting, (ii) in case of courier, two days after dispatch by the Party, (iii) in case of a facsimile, immediately upon transmission and receipt of a confirmation report in this regard, and (iv) in case of personal delivery, at the time of delivery.  

        24.5. Severability

If any provision of this Agreement or the application thereof to any Person or circumstance shall be invalid, prohibited or unenforceable to any extent for any reason including by reason of any Law, this Agreement shall be considered divisible as to such provision and such provision shall be inoperative and shall not be part of the consideration moving from one party to another and the remainder of this Agreement and the application of such provision to persons or circumstances other than those as to which it is held invalid or unenforceable shall not be affected thereby, and each provision of this Agreement shall be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by Law.  Any invalid or unenforceable provision of this Agreement shall be replaced with a provision, which is valid and enforceable and most nearly reflects the original intent of the unenforceable provision.

        24.6. Amendments

No modification or amendment to this Agreement of any of the terms or conditions hereof shall be valid or binding unless made in writing and duly executed by all the Parties. 

        24.7. Public Announcements

The Parties agree that they shall not make or permit or authorize the making of any public announcement, including press statements, or statements on the internet or on any other form of media and/or any disclosure of any nature whatsoever to any Person concerning the Transaction without the prior written permission of the Investor and one of the Founders and Promoters.

        24.8. Entire Agreement

This Agreement along with the other Transaction Document/s constitutes the entire agreement amongst the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof to the exclusion of all other previous term sheets, agreements, arrangements, understandings and assurances, either written or oral,  either existing or proposed, between all or amongst any two or more Parties or their Affiliates, including with any Third Party, relating to the subject matter hereof, including without limitation, the MoU/LOI. The Parties expressly waive any and all surviving terms contained in any and all abovementioned agreements, arrangements, understandings and assurances, either written or oral, either existing or proposed and agree that no Party shall be bound by any such terms, other than this Agreement and the Transaction Documents.

        24.9. Relationship

None of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed to constitute a partnership between the Parties hereto and no Party shall have any authority to bind or shall be deemed to be the agent of the other in any way. The Parties hereto have agreed that their respective rights and obligations with regard to the business relationship amongst them inter se and with the Company shall be interpreted, acted upon and governed solely in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Transaction Document/s.

        24.10. Costs

Unless otherwise specified in this Agreement, each of the Parties hereto shall pay their own costs and expenses relating to the negotiation, preparation, and execution of this Agreement and the Transactions. The Company shall bear the stamp duties payable on this Agreement and on the issue and allotment of the Equity Shares. 

        24.11. Counterparts

This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when one or more such counterparts have been signed by each of the Parties and delivered to the other Parties.

        24.12. Further Assurance

The Parties shall with reasonable diligence do all such things and provide all such reasonable assurances as may be required to consummate the Transaction, and each Party shall provide such further documents or instruments required by any other Party as may be reasonably necessary or desirable to effect the purpose of this Agreement and carry out its provisions, whether before or after the Closing.

        24.13. Specific Performance

	Subject to applicable Law, the Parties agree that in the event of any breach or threatened breach by the Founders and Promoters or the Investor of any covenant, obligation or other provision set forth in this Agreement, the Aggrieved party shall be entitled, in addition to any other remedy that may be available to them, to seek: (i) a decree or order of specific performance or mandamus to enforce the observance and performance of such covenant, obligation or other provisions; or (ii) an injunction restraining such breach or threatened breach. 

[Signature page follows]
IN WITNESS WHEREOF THE PARTIES HERETO HAVE SET AND SUBSCRIBED THEIR RESPECTIVE HANDS TO THESE PRESENTS. 



SIGNED SEALED AND DELIVERED by 
On behalf of the within named "Neoaegis Personal Care Private Limited "




SIGNED SEALED AND DELIVERED
by the within named "Mihir Sanjay Vaidya" 




SIGNED SEALED AND DELIVERED by 
the within named "Suraj Arun Chaudhari"




SIGNED SEALED AND DELIVERED by 
the within named "Harish Vijay Amritkar"




SIGNED SEALED AND DELIVERED by 
the within named "Vijay Pusalkar"




SIGNED SEALED AND DELIVERED by 
the within named "Niranjan Prasad"




SIGNED SEALED AND DELIVERED by 
the within named "Mangaldas Venichand Investment LLP"




SIGNED SEALED AND DELIVERED by 
the within named "Narendra Firodia"




SIGNED SEALED AND DELIVERED by 
the within named "Tushar Lunkad"

SCHEDULE 1

CAPITALIZATION TABLE OF THE SHARE CAPITAL OF THE COMPANY ON PAYMENT OF INVESTOR EQUITY SUBSCRIPTION AMOUNT


Sr. no
A Class Equity Shares
No of Shares
Face Value
1
Mr. Mihir Vaidya
31,000
310,000
2
Mr. Suraj Chaudhari
28,400
284,000
3
Mr. Harish Amritkar
3,410
34,100
4
Mr. Vijay Pusalkar
20,013
200,130
5
Mr. Niranjan Prasad
4,675
46,750
6
Mangaldas Venichand Investment, LLP
3,334
33,340
7
Mr. Tushar Lunkad
3,334
33,340
8
Mr. Narendra Firodia
3,334
33,340

Total Authorised capital A Class
97,500
975,000





B Class Equity shares


1
Mihir Vaidya
1,250
12,500
2
Suraj Chaudhari
1,250
12,500

Total Authorised capital B Class
2,500
25,000





Total Equity Capital (A + B)
1,00,000
10,00,000

